README.md, before:

You should:
1. create package.json (write in the console):
-> npm init -y
2. add to file package.json: "start": "webpack ./app.js --output app.bundle.js"
where: input:(./app.js) and output: (app.bundle.js)
3. add packages (write in the console):
-> npm install --save -dev babel-preset-latest
-> npm install --save -dev babel-cli
-> npm install --save -dev babel-preset-react
-> npm install webpack webpack-cli --save-dev
-> npm install babel-preset-env --save-dev
-> npm install babel-preset-react --save-dev
-> npm install --save-dev react-dom react
-> npm install --save uuid
-> npm install --save-dev style-loader css-loader
-> npm install --save -dev react-hot-loader
-> npm install babel-preset-env --save-dev
-> npm install --save-dev optimize-js-plugin
-> npm install --save-dev babel-loader
-> npm install --save-dev babel-preset-es2015
-> npm install --save-dev html-webpack-plugin
-> npm install --save-dev uglifyjs-webpack-plugin
-> npm install --save-dev webpack
-> npm install --save-dev webpack-cli
-> npm install --save-dev babel-core
-> npm install --save-dev react-hot-loader
-> npm install --save-dev webpack-dev-server

4. write in the console:
-> npm start
-> node app.bundle.js
--------------------------------------------------------------------
5. add the Webpack configuration file: webpack.config.js
6. fill in the webpack.config.js configuration code
7. change to file package.json: "start": "webpack"
(Webpack will look for a configuration file named webpack.config.js)

(if you had a configuration file named: myAwesomeConfig.js, you should use: -> "start": "webpack --config myAwesomeConfig.js")

8. 4. write in the console:
-> npm start
-> node build/app.bundle.js

Commit message:

Add server for developer mode

README.md, after:

You should:
1. create package.json (write in the console):
-> npm init -y
2. add packages (write in the console):
-> npm install --save -dev babel-preset-latest
-> npm install --save -dev babel-cli
-> npm install --save -dev babel-preset-react
-> npm install webpack webpack-cli --save-dev
-> npm install babel-preset-env --save-dev
-> npm install babel-preset-react --save-dev
-> npm install --save-dev react-dom react
-> npm install --save uuid
-> npm install --save-dev style-loader css-loader
-> npm install --save -dev react-hot-loader
-> npm install babel-preset-env --save-dev
-> npm install --save-dev optimize-js-plugin
-> npm install --save-dev babel-loader
-> npm install --save-dev babel-preset-es2015
-> npm install --save-dev html-webpack-plugin
-> npm install --save-dev uglifyjs-webpack-plugin
-> npm install --save-dev webpack
-> npm install --save-dev webpack-cli
-> npm install --save-dev babel-core
-> npm install --save-dev react-hot-loader
-> npm install --save-dev webpack-dev-server

3. install server for developer mode:
-> npm install --save-dev webpack-dev-server
4. add the package.json file and write there: "start": "webpack-dev-server --env development

5. write in the console:
-> npm start
6. open localhost: 8080
